{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green90\blue138;\red79\green129\blue189;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
{\info
{\author DAB UTS}
{\*\company University of Technology, Sydney}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12200\viewh17140\viewkind1\viewscale132
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb480

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 BDES Animation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb200

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 Some Conventions
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-720\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf0 \ulnone 1.	Naming
\b0 .  Please use camel case naming for, well, as much as you can.  Camel case refers to a camels humps and the idea of upper case and lower case.  Yes it\'92s a bit of a silly idea but its serves a purpose.   Don\'92t use spaces or punctuation in names of things you create in Maya or for files or directories you make on disk.  Camel case starts with a lower case character.  Its pretty easy to get into this habit.  The reason we like naming conventions is that it will save time and make things easier to manage as we start to make lots of things that are complex in nature.\uc0\u8232 Examples:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 a.	GOOD:\uc0\u8232 myNewFile.ma\u8232 myNewFile_v001.ma\
b.	BAD:\uc0\u8232 My New File!!! Version 1:something else.ma\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-720\ri0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\b \cf0 2.	Home Directories.
\b0  (ha ha ha)   The reason you don\'92t have proper home directories and that the software can not be consistently configured independently of the scope of the file you are working upon, is that IT don\'92t want you taking up loads of space that they have to manage.  Managing user home directories is always tricky as you never know how to deal with cleaning up a students area that is sadly polluted with incoherent cruft.\
\
\ls2\ilvl1
\b 3.	CONFIGURATIONS
\b0 \uc0\u8232 But we need a way to persistently configure the software like Maya or you will surely go mad turning off the stupid graduated background every time you long in, and never have anything customised the way you want it to be.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\b \cf0 \
So  we will source a script that configures a terminal to be like a maya shell that will allow you to use your own personal maya configs via the MAYA_APP_DIR mechanism.  This shell can be extended to run other apps later like nuke and so forth.\
You will keep all your configs here and run the source sourceMe command from the terminal in this location.  Stuff will happen - it will/should explain itself.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-720\ri0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f2\b \cf0 3.	Using the Terminal or Shell.
\b0    Have a look at the URLS about the terminal it is very very useful to know how to use:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/introduction-to-the-mac-os-x-command-line}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\fi720\ri0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://ss64.com/osx/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi60\ri0
\cf0 \

\f2 You should be able to use these commands to get around make directories and change file names\'85.. if you cant do some research and practice.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri0

\fs26 \cf5 mkdir    
\fs24 \cf0 Make a new directory\

\fs26 \cf5 touch     
\fs24 \cf0 Make a new empty file\

\fs26 \cf5 cp           
\fs24 \cf0 Copy a file\

\fs26 \cf5 mv         
\fs24 \cf0 Move a file\

\fs26 \cf5 rm         
\fs24 \cf0 Remove a file or directory (learn about the -r option)\

\fs26 \cf5 less
\fs24 \cf0         Show the contents of a file in a scrolling buffer
\f1 \
}